- How old is she? - Well,
she is as old as I am.
Oh, my.
What would he do?
(1991, when Jin Jin was 9 years old)
They think she's too old.
If she's 29 years old, she's nearly a grandmother.
28 years old?
I never believed I could ever get that old.
It's a problem of life and death.
I know it is important.
But it doesn't matter. I'm a doctor.
I only date women who are all right.
- Gosh, that lipstick is so pretty. - Yes.
- Yes. - Gosh.
I don't think I'll ever get married.
(1997, when Jin Jin was 15 years old)
She's so pretty.
It's not too late.
Oh, my. It is too late.
Do you think it's too late to get married when you're 26 years old?
Yes, I think it's too late.
- Me too. - Spinster.
I thought spinsters were the poorest things on earth.
- Hey! - Hey!
There's a movie called "Funny Pink".
(2005, when Jin Jin was 23 years old)
"It's harder for women over 30 to date than to die from atomic bombs."
This should be the most famous quote out of all the movies in the world.
There haven't been such lines...
that describe spinsters as they are.
You should go home, wash your feet,
and read this. Don't even dream of getting married.
Hey. Do you pity Sam Soon or me?
Hey, we're still young.
- Right? - Yes.
We thought it was a sin to be 30 and not be married.
We used to think it was true.
I'm done with my exercises today.
Time passed so quickly,
and we became 35 years old.
Park Bo Gum or Song Joong Ki?
Park Bo Gum is more famous.
- I prefer Song Joong Ki. - Sohn Suk Hee or Jung Woo Sung?
- Sohn Suk Hee. - I choose Jung Woo Sung.
You're still too young.
Men should look nice in shirts rather than have nice appearances.
Jung Woo Sung is a model for a suit line.
- What should I do with you? - What?
You're missing the details.
You're missing everything.
What's the most important thing when wearing a shirt?
- Wearing a necktie? - No, definitely not.
I will tell you the answer right now.
The answer is...
the tendon that starts from here to here.
The tendon!
For a man to be sexy, he needs to be a busy man.
He should have a lot of work. His work should be piled up.
But everyone keeps calling him for help.
Do you know why?
It's because he is capable.
Imagine this man unbuttoning his shirt,
rolling up his sleeves, holding a pen,
and concentrating. And at that moment,
you need to look at his beautiful tendon.
And whom do you think I just described?
It's Sohn Suk Hee.
What should I do with you guys?
That's why you are still...
Do you want me to tell you a story?
Six years ago,
when the spring breeze was...
Hey, didn't you tell me it was summer?
Anyway, what I mean is, your body will all decay in the end.
Stop treasuring it so much.
- What will you do with it? - That's enough.
Let's have the final round.
It has five stars, and it's the most difficult one so far.
Gong Yoo...
or Anthony?
Anthony! Anthony! Anthony!
Anthony! Anthony!
Anthony, I love him so much.
- Gosh! - Get a hold of yourself.
Living as a 30-year-old woman who is unmarried in 2017?
We don't believe marriage is a happy ending, but it's still the same.
People treat me like a fool and cast disapproving looks that hurt.
But I won't blame myself.
Today was great, and I look forward to tomorrow.
Whoever is listening to my story, I hope you will feel the same.
Yes, I'm talking about you.
(The first story)
(The Boy We Loved Back Then)
Someone with the phone number 8244 sent us a question.
"Anthony, do you like people who look like cats or dogs?"
I...
I like people who look like dogs.
- Dogs? - Yes.
You took some time to think.
Number 7066 asked,
"You took some time to think."
Are you happy?
"Do you always have a lot of concerns?"
Do I look like a cat or a dog?
- You? - Don't I look like a dog?
You...
are just ugly.
Your manager is here!
Gosh, she's so pretty.
Whose daughter is that?
Welcome.
Hey, pretty lady.
That girl over there...
What was her name again?
- Do you mean Sa Jin Jin? - Yes, Sa Jin Jin.
I don't know who her mother is, but I envy her.
She comes here often with her mother. They live nearby.
- Really? - Yes.
I haven't seen her,
but they say her mother looks nothing like her.
I don't know if I should say this, but she's said to be mean-looking.
You don't know anything.
You don't know how kind she is.
Yes, of course.
Are you looking for something in particular?
Can we get the lipstick that Sa Jin Jin is advertising?
Do you want to try them?
- Come inside. - Yes, of course.
- Let's just try them on. - Gosh.
Hello!
Chang Wan,
I'd like some cool beer.
Did you go hiking?
What would I do at home?
- Have you heard about this? - What?
The most expensive dish is made by your wife who makes you feel guilty.
Be thankful that she cooks for you every time.
She made me curry.
It's not like we're Indian.
Wait. I'll fry you some chicken.
Gosh, thank you.
Here you go.
You've gotten quite old. You should stop working.
The only thing I can do is fry chicken.
I should work hard when I still can.
You have a successful daughter. Why do you worry so much?
Her money isn't mine.
Do you mean she'll keep all her money?
It's up to her to decide what she does with it.
Goodness, Chang Wan.
Are you simply kind or foolish?
Why did you cover up your beautiful daughter?
Leave it alone.
(Double the thrilling taste, beer that's only for you)
Sa Jin Jin probably lives on morning dew.
She's my ideal type.
I've been her fan for a long time...
since she was an idol singer.
That's right.
Everyone, please calm down.
It's Wednesday with the master of popular idol singers.
Is it Law of Love segment?
No, it's not. It's more like...
Sa Jin Jin's fan meeting today.
Are you listening to us, Sa Jin Jin? If you are...
Peekaboo. She's right here.
I'm so jealous.
There's a line of men waiting for you.
You have nothing to lose.
If we reveal all the text messages that you received,
all the girls will have a fit.
Please tune in right away.
Every Wednesday,
many of Jin Jin's fans are waiting.
If you're listening to our show, please visit us.
Why don't we listen to a song?
That sounds good.
Let's go back to the time when Jin Jin was an idol singer.
It's "Lovely Day" by Daeri Girls.
- Here it is. - I love this song.
(Sa Jin Jin, the Highest Value in the Market)
- What's FA? - Why?
- It's related to baseball players. - Do you play baseball?
In the headline, it says...
"Sa Jin Jin, the Highest Value in the Market."
"Will she be on FA Market?"
What does it mean?
Hong Hee, do you have the draft?
(President Jang Ki Bong)
Hello, Reporter Yoon.
Yes, the contract has ended.
All the agencies want to work with Jin Jin.
I'm aware of the offers.
I know that they're aggressive.
How would I know if she'll take them?
The decision is completely up to the actress.
(After using the makeup, notice the changes in the skin.)
Why are there two models for the makeup?
Is President Jang behind this?
- He may offer it to Jeong Da Yeong. - Stop it.
Da Yeong's skin is terrible.
- Which one is it? - Park Myeong Soo.
It startled me.
- One. - Jung Si Eun.
- Jung Si Eun. - Jung Si Eun.
- Everyone. - Look, it's Sa Jin Jin.
This is unbelievable.
- Hey. - Yes?
- Did you see that? - It's different indeed.
The level and the sizes are very different.
- Right? - But I'm not familiar with it.
You should talk to our president.
Our president already knows.
Really? Our boss does?
Of course.
Everyone knows that Sa Jin Jin is always on time.
She doesn't exercise in the car.
She doesn't waste her energy since she's the top.
- Hey! - What?
I was talking about Sa Jin Jin's van. Her van.
- Van? - I want to...
ride that van.
The makeup and hairstylist managers are in the studio.
We should have brought more staff.
I bet Jeong Da Yeong brought a huge crew.
Hello, Director Cho.
We're almost there. We are...
- Gangnam. - Dosan Intersection.
We'll be right there. See you.
- Director Cho. - Yes, sir.
Where's Jeong Da Yeong?
They've been saying for an hour that they're close.
Do they consider me a fool?
They aren't even good liars.
- I'm sorry. - I'm sorry.
- I'm so sorry. - I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry, director.
My manager woke up late today.
You should do better.
- Gosh, I'm sorry. - Sorry.
Goodness. Hello, Jin Jin.
I'm sorry. I'll hurry.
Excuse me.
[VIU Ver] E01 20th Century Boy & Girl "The Boy We Loved Back Then"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Da Yeong, you should get changed.
Okay.
By the way, director.
Take a look at me.
This dress has a beautiful neckline...
for the collarbone.
I have a beautiful neck and collarbone.
Da Yeong.
I can hold water in here too.
Come on.
Just take a look at me.
- I put a lot of thought into it. - Jeong Da Yeong.
Let's hurry up the shoot so we can leave. Okay?
Okay, Jin Jin.
- Whitening. - Instant anti-aging.
It's the only masterpiece for beauty.
Cut. Okay.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- See you later. - You did a great job today.
- Thank you. - Thank you, everyone.
- Goodbye. - See you again.
Good job today.
Thank you, everyone.
Aren't you hot?
- I am. - I'm so hot.
- Where are my slippers? - I'll bring them from the car.
- Wait. - What?
Take a seat, and put them on. You did a good job.
- You're hot, aren't you? - Yes.
They don't turn on the air conditioner.
- I had a hard time today. - I know.
What do you want to eat?
You did a great job.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- Da Yeong. - Goodbye.
- See you again. - Thank you for your work.
Da Yeong.
Go to her now.
Hurry.
I was wrong. I thought your eyelashes came off.
Goodness.
- By the way, do you know this? - Pardon?
A star who was cursed after acting like a brat.
What?
A star. A star in the sky.
You don't know, do you?
Look up Cassiopeia.
"A constellation in the northern sky,"
"Cassiopeia,"
"was a queen of Ethiopia."
"She was arrogant and full of greed."
"After enraging Poseidon,"
"she was placed upside-down on a chair in the sky as a punishment."
How did you know about it?
I saw it on "Surprise".
Gosh.
My goodness.
If I ever drink again,
it means that I have no common sense.
(Young Shim)
(Hello...)
How's your stomach, Ah Reum?
(This is applicant Jang Young Shim.)
By the way,
how can Jin Jin love Anthony and Anthony only?
"Anthony". Gosh.
Why doesn't she ask him out?
She's more popular than he is.
She'll complain about his ideal type of women.
There's no greater star than you.
She must be pretty, kind,
educated, and from a good family.
She must be able to support you.
She can't be a celebrity or a star.
You must meet an amazing woman.
When you're 80.
Do you think...
she suffers from Bongo's Curse?
She's the great Sa Jin Jin. I just don't get it.
You can never understand a fangirl.
She's just incredible.
It's been 20 years, right?
Even a fairy tale character would give in.
Poor her.
We're all the same.
Today? Hanoi.
Forget the flight. I wish I could have a nice bowl of pho.
Yes. Okay, I'll get you some coffee.
Hello, Ms. Han.
I'm Lee Dong Hoon, a co-pilot.
We flew to Sapporo last month.
Flight 102 to Sapporo will last 2 hours and 10 minutes.
We will leave Gate 36 at 2pm...
and land in Sapporo at 4:20pm local time.
189 seats were reserved.
We will fly at an altitude of 37,000 feet.
Due to weather and jet streams, for 40 minutes after takeoff,
there will be some turbulence.
If the turbulence is severe, we'll light the seat belt sign twice.
The weather here and at our destination...
is less than optimal.
Incheon Airport's security level is yellow,
so as soon as the plane comes in, do a thorough check.
- He's cute. - Today's secret security code...
is "blue horse".
You're that co-pilot. Hello.
Are you flying to Hanoi today?
I overheard you talking.
- Yes. - Me too.
I see. Please ensure we get a smooth landing.
I will.
What is this?
Why won't you eat?
Are you on a diet?
Good idea.
Other people take diet pills.
Eat first, talk later.
I'm done.
Why does my stomach keep coming out?
What did you want to say?
Hong Kong.
- You know. - A variety show?
VP Nam.
He helped you debut.
He looked out for us since we started in that tiny office.
He did so much for you.
He's on the verge of losing his job.
He wants you on your first variety show in 10 years.
- Let's help him out. - I'm not funny.
You are funny.
Come on.
Do you want to go on a talkshow?
Or wear a mask and sing in front of a crowd?
Wouldn't it be better to go to Hong Kong and chat for a while?
- Give me the script. - That's old school.
They don't have scripts these days.
- What do I do then? - Just wing it.
Don't think something up...
and try to be haughty or act strange.
People hate that these days.
Are you afraid I'll flop?
Look at you. I know you'll do just fine.
Spend the night in Hong Kong,
and take a break, okay?
- Okay. - Okay.
I'm Kim Gi Min from Morning Calm Entertainment.
I'd like to offer you a contract.
I'll wait to hear from you.
Is it a guy?
No.
Tell me first.
I need to know if I'm to do damage control.
It's not like that.
(Jeong Da Yeong)
What do you think about her?
She's pretty.
Is that why you crushed her?
- What? - You embarrassed her.
She cried so much that her eyes puffed up.
You can't do that to young kids.
Is that what she said?
Why? Will you go back and chew her out?
That's what old people do.
Don't lecture others just because you've been around a while.
Good job.
- Take care. - Get some rest.
Do you want to go to the night market later?
- Sure. - Do you like banh mi?
I found a famous place between the locals.
Ms. Han.
You did great today.
Thanks. You too.
Would you mind giving me...
your number?
Buy me some beer.
Sure. Why not?
That's mine.
This is for you.
(Chocolate gift box meaning)
What's going on?
(Chocolate: I love you)
Let's go to the night market.
Ms. Han.
The night market's the least of our worries.
What'll you do about this?
- What? - You two shot lasers at each other.
I got it right away.
I think...
this is exactly that.
- What? - Flirting.
(Incheon Airport)
What are you doing?
News flash.
- I'm getting married. - What?
I need to go to the hospital. Where's Young Shim? I'll be brief.
It's okay. Get in.
How far along are you?
28 weeks. 8 months.
- Still a way to go, then. - Yes.
The fibroid is in a bad spot.
There are four sized 6cm near your bladder.
- Was your period irregular? - Yes.
Doctor.
Will I be an old mom even if I get pregnant today?
Some women have their first babies in their 50s.
Once you get the fibroids out and make a full recovery,
you can get pregnant and have a child no problem.
Okay.
You'll be admitted in 2 days for 4 nights and 5 days.
The surgery will be in three days.
Have you had sex before?
Yes, I have.
Okay, so my first goal is...
to get physical. To have a physical conversation.
You're getting ahead of yourself.
Not this time. A flight attendant noticed it first.
So what? Did he call you?
No. I'm playing hard to get.
No. He isn't into you.
No. He's afraid of the social prejudice.
He's seven years younger.
A man makes a beeline for a woman he likes.
He never confuses her.
This is why when a veteran fights a novice,
- the novice wins. - What?
The rules of flirting are completely different.
Why try to fit it to a script?
I will show you both.
Just wait until my operation's done.
Do you have his photo?
No.
Oh, he looks like that guy.
Jung Woo Sung.
Bongo Man? The face genius?
My name is Jung Woo Sung.
(Jung Woo Sung)
Him?
He was so cool when he spoke in that dialect.
He said he liked me.
What are you saying? He liked me.
- Don't say that. - It's true.
- What? - I'm serious.
Hey.
Do you remember?
We once nearly ended our relationship because of a man.
- Right? - When?
- We look great here. Look at this. - Show me.
Show me.
- This looks great. - I like this one and that one.
- We look great here. - I'm not in that one.
- We look great here. - Let me see.
- See? - Only you look good here.
That's all we need.
Hey, my legs look so fat here.
- Hey! - Hey!
- My legs are worse. - You're too thin to say that.
Hey, I look really weird here.
- You really do. - You look angry here.
- No. - You do.
- Gosh. - I'll pick this one.
- Don't do that. - Don't write your name.
- Hey! - Hey, wait.
- Hey. - Gosh.
- Those shoes... - He always wear those shoes.
- I saw this every day. - Me too.
Does he even wash them?
- No. - No.
(11046 Han Ah Reum)
(11027 Jang Young Shim)
(11031 Sa Jin Jin)
Yes, we did.
- We wrote something then. - Yes.
Why doesn't this work?
Guys, I bought a camera. I'll take pictures of you. Come out.
- Yes! - Yes!
- Here. - Thanks.
Come outside. Stop right there.
Come outside quickly.
(Pledge Written in Blood)
- Han Ah Reum... - Sa Jin Jin...
And Jang Young Shim...
- promise never to fight over men... - Promise never to fight over men...
- and will be friends forever. - and will be friends forever.
It's not valid now. Let's just hope someone gets married.
Yes, you should go first.
I will get married when I meet a thick guy.
That's how men should be.
Why do you care about the thickness?
You won't know even if I tell you.
You haven't felt the weight of a man yet, so you won't know.
- Please look over here. - Please look over here.
- Another pose, please. - Please look over here.
- Sa Jin Jin, over here. - Please look over here.
- Please look over here. - You're so pretty.
- Please look over here. - Please look over here.
- Look over here. - Sa Jin Jin.
- Please look over here. - Sa Jin Jin.
Jin Jin, where are you going?
I'm going to Hong Kong to shoot a variety show.
You haven't been on a variety show for a while. Everyone is waiting.
Gosh, my face looks so fat.
Gosh, you look so thin.
What's your fashion concept today?
- Gosh, that's my cellphone. - It's a "see-through look".
- Really? - Yes.
You look pretty.
You look prettier every day. Are you dating someone?
I wish I could.
- Mi Dal, come quickly. - If you ever date someone,
- Wait a moment! - please tell us.
- Jin Jin! - Yes.
Promise?
(Jin Jin, call us if you ever date someone.)
Oh gosh.
I still have a 30-month-long monthly installment plan left.
I must have been out of my mind.
You are driving me crazy too.
Why did they tell me to share a room with you? There's only one bed.
I don't feel like joking around.
Please turn off the light.
You should sleep on the bed.
Let's sleep in the same bed.
Let's not sleep right next to each other.
Oh, my. This is what Hong Kong looks like at night.
It's so beautiful.
- Hello. - Where to?
- Zhong Wan, please. - All right.
This is not a distressed asset.
But still, we should monitor the Chinese market further.
Yes, that is correct.
- Good morning, guys. - Good morning.
Samantha, whatever Nick says, don't listen to him.
- What? - Hey.
Good morning, people.
- Good morning. - Good morning.
Hey, Jimmy.
- Look closely. Always double check. - Okay.
For now, most of the Chinese markets are slightly unstable.
Yes, I understand. But I guarantee it's going to be fine soon.
So actually we don't need... Tim, hold on a second.
This is Gong speaking.
2.15 percent going down.
So, Tim. Listen.
Second of all, we want accurate numbers. That's all we need, okay?
Bye.
Ji Won.
You have an appointment with Chairman Li Ka-shing of National.
It's at 2pm. Let's go. I'll take you there.
Okay.
By the way, for the meeting with President Sung of chemical section,
he suggested you have dinner with some drinks.
I know he's picky, and it's hard to get an appointment with him,
which is why I agreed.
But it's right after you arrive in Korea. Is it too much for you?
It's all right. We should do as he wants.
Gosh, you're going back to Korea without a chance to get a rest.
You have different schedules every minute.
All right. Cheer up.
I'll come back to get you when your meeting is over.
- Thank you. - You're welcome.
It's Sa Jin Jin.
Gosh, she's really pretty.
- Hello, Sa Jin Jin. - Hello.
Did you sleep well last night?
I didn't sleep well last night.
Is it because you were nervous?
You shouldn't be nervous. If you act normally,
we'll make sure to make a good program.
So this is how you shoot this.
She's so pretty.
I visited this place for shooting several times.
But it's the first time I came here for a variety show.
Well, we'll wrap up here for now.
All right.
(Episode 2 will air shortly.)